DOCS-9400 adding callout to Understanding OpenTelemetry course (#26056)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/opentelemetry/_index.md

{{< partial name="whats-next/whats-next.html" >}}

[1]: https://opentelemetry.io/
[2]: https://learn.datadoghq.com/courses/understanding-opentelemetry
[3]: https://www.cncf.io/
[4]: /opentelemetry/collector_exporter/
[5]: /opentelemetry/otlp_ingest_in_the_agent/
[6]: /tracing/trace_collection/trace_context_propagation/
[7]: https://www.w3.org/TR/trace-context/

{{< learning-center-callout header="Try Understanding OpenTelemetry in the Learning Center" btn_title="Enroll Now" btn_url="https://learn.datadoghq.com/courses/understanding-opentelemetry">}}

>   Discover the fundamentals of OpenTelemetry (OTel), an open-source standard for telemetry data collection. This course provides an overview of OTel's capabilities and benefits, preparing you for integrating observability into your applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Discover the fundamentals of OpenTelemetry, an open source standard for telemetry data collection. This course provides an overview of OpenTelemetry's capabilities and benefits, preparing you for integrating observability into your applications.
```
